of course of course of course of course that is
torus system
so here we also destroyed the system
eat you apple when cut in half
no no apples answer showed so
cuts there the system top is obtained then
there is an apple cut
here's the tour system and if that's the apple
ask what you get did not look
star man symbol apple of knowledge
apple apple apple of contention
and so on so on the same apple
gnawed apple is the same your party
there apple yavlinsky all that why
apple that's why apple we forgot about
torus that is here here here as inner
forces go
energy if you are here and
you stand about it
and you have a martial angle then you are in the center
systems
here is 90 degrees what is the angle
right angle what is such a right
the word straight what means straight here
angle and this is the angle of war
words somehow speak for themselves here
so associates
it turns out the tour closes goes power
if i'm at an angle i mean i too
I get but with this one
By refraction, that is, I bring in
oscillatory system some changes
my position because i'm not a warrior
corner again and fit me either
tweaked with built-built trinity
again the trinity that is anyway
the system is tragically unified
is therefore built from a seed in an apple
eat in one seed
iodine is exactly on the day of the thyroid gland
j is not the structure of the other really understand
idiots water here in the apple water she is a mortar
structured and you get clean
here is the product where life is and the clan is
9 have seen a Jew who is not if the seeds are in
apple you look like they eat they
know how to do it you all go in
Odessa will tell you how to eat there
to the ground and even here I eat the tail because
that the tail breaks it turns out like
clearly goes and cleans the esophagus learn
it is not desirable for me at all
eat but that 's another question for me
he grows his apples in the country therefore
there is